docs/contributing.md, before:

# Contributing to Autoparts

### Getting Started

Before building a new part ensure you have updated the repo. Run `parts update` within your Nitrous box in order to do this.

### Package Guidelines

Autoparts packages are located in `lib/autoparts/packages`. Please follow the [Ruby Styleguide](https://github.com/styleguide/ruby) when building a part.

In order to create a new package you will need to provide the following information when creating a pull request:

* Package Name
* Version
* Description
* Source URL (official release source which package will always be located at)
* Filetype (the extension of the file)
* SHA-1 hash (hash should be available on same page as package. If not you can [generate](http://hash.online-convert.com/sha1-generator) a SHA-1 hash with the source file)
* Dependencies (if any)
* Compile / Installation commands
* (Optional) Start/Stop commands. This is needed only if building a part for a database or another tool that runs as a service.

There are a few requirements if the part requires additional configurations:

* Post-installation setup tasks (e.g. creating conf file, generating empty database file) should be done in `post_install` method.
* Configuration files should be placed in `Path.etc` (e.g. `~/.parts/etc`) or `Path.etc + name` (e.g. `~/.parts/etc/postgresql`).
* Data files (e.g. database files) should be placed in `Path.var + name` (e.g. `~/.parts/var/postgresql`).
* Log files should be placed in `Path.var + 'log' + "#{name}.log"` (e.g. `~/.parts/var/log/postgresql.log`).

### Building a New Part

Take a look at [docs/example-part.rb](https://github.com/nitrous-io/autoparts/tree/master/docs/example-part.rb) for details on how a package is built.

Once you have finished building a part, create a pull request with a [descriptive commit message](http://robots.thoughtbot.com/5-useful-tips-for-a-better-commit-message). We will quickly review the part to be merged.

Commit message:

Updated example docs per Lakshan's advice.
Workflow has been added to contributing.md
comments in example-part.rb have been clarified.

docs/contributing.md, after:

# Contributing to Autoparts

### Getting Started

Before building a new part ensure you have updated the repo. Run `parts update` within your Nitrous box in order to do this.

### Package Guidelines

Autoparts packages are located in `lib/autoparts/packages`. Please follow the [Ruby Styleguide](https://github.com/styleguide/ruby) when building a part.

In order to create a new package you will need to provide the following information when creating a pull request:

* Package Name
* Version
* Description
* Source URL (official release source which package will always be located at)
* Filetype (the extension of the file)
* SHA-1 hash (hash should be available on same page as package. If not you can [generate](http://hash.online-convert.com/sha1-generator) a SHA-1 hash with the source file)
* Dependencies (if any)
* Compile / Installation commands
* (Optional) Start/Stop commands. This is needed only if building a part for a database or another tool that runs as a service.

There are a few requirements if the part requires additional configurations:

* Post-installation setup tasks (e.g. creating conf file, generating empty database file) should be done in `post_install` method.
* Configuration files should be placed in `Path.etc` (e.g. `~/.parts/etc`) or `Path.etc + name` (e.g. `~/.parts/etc/postgresql`).
* Data files (e.g. database files) should be placed in `Path.var + name` (e.g. `~/.parts/var/postgresql`).
* Log files should be placed in `Path.var + 'log' + "#{name}.log"` (e.g. `~/.parts/var/log/postgresql.log`).

### Contributing a New Part

Take a look at [docs/example-part.rb](https://github.com/nitrous-io/autoparts/tree/master/docs/example-part.rb) for details on how a package is built.

Follow this workflow to contribute an Autoparts package:

1. Fork the [Autoparts repo](https://github.com/nitrous-io/autoparts) in GitHub.
2. Create a new box in Nitrous.IO.
3. cd to ~/.parts/autoparts
4. Add the fork repo as a a git remote. (git remote add myfork git@github.com:YOUR-USERNAME/autoparts.git
5. Create the new package file in ~/.parts/autoparts/lib/autoparts/packages/mypackage.rb
6. Open a new console tab and check if the package works as expected.

    parts search (see if the new package you created is listed)
    parts install mypackage
    parts start (if applicable)
    parts stop
    parts uninstall mypackage

7. Reload the IDE and see if the above actions also works via the UI.
8. After you're confident that the package works, commit and push the change to your fork.
    
    git commit -m "Added MyPackage."
    git push myfork master

9. Last, open a pull request via GitHub with a [descriptive commit message](http://robots.thoughtbot.com/5-useful-tips-for-a-better-commit-message). We will quickly review the part to be merged.
